[Music]
welcome to classic game room even if
you're a retro gamer you're still living
in the future so why should you be
inconvenienced with old-fashioned wires
while playing your Super Nintendo maybe
it's time to step it up to wireless
technology with the acclaim dual turbo
wireless controller that rattles into
the microphone ladies and gentlemen
check it out here's a Super Nintendo
awaiting wired controllers but you're
smarter than that you're going to use
wireless technology from the Space Age
to play your 16-bit Super Nintendo video
games you know who used old fashioned
wires single-cell organisms forming in a
pond at the dawn of time you have more
than one cell probably you're a future
person and can think beyond wires but
still want to play 16-bit video games
because you have good taste
plug the wireless adapter into the front
of your Super Nintendo and install four
triple-a batteries into each controller
and you're ready to rock provided you
have a clear line of sight because the
controllers do need to see the Super
Nintendo in order to work with it
sometimes these older wireless
controllers can feel gimmicky and poorly
designed but in this case the acclaimed
dual turbo controller and adapter are
really nice and this thing works a lot
better than I expected it to for one
thing the controller itself feels like a
real Super Nintendo controller it's a
bit larger but that's not a bad thing if
you've grown up and have bigger hands
but most importantly the wireless part
of it is not so finicky that you have to
be pointing directly at the Super
Nintendo
you still can't obstruct its view or
point at the opposite direction or play
from a different room but it does what
it's supposed to do it allows you to
play Super Nintendo naturally without
wires that's why this controller is
really good if you have your Super
Nintendo in front of you sitting next to
the TV 10 or 15 feet away this
eliminates a lot of wire clutter and
it's a very comfortable controller to
use even if this thing had a wire it
would be
nice controller as the name suggests it
also has a turbo button and slowdown
feature which are fairly commonplace
these days it's the wireless part of
this that makes it exciting although it
does drain batteries quickly so you'll
want to have some rechargeable triple
A's handy when wirelessly rocking the
Super Nintendo and you'll know it's
working when you see the little red
lights blinking at you as you're pushing
buttons on the controller although you
should also be able to tell if it's
working by playing the game a claim has
seen its name tarnished throughout the
years with a number of poor releases but
this thing is not one of them the dual
turbo controller with futuristic
wireless technology does exactly what
it's supposed to do well so a big thanks
to our friend chip from Alabama for
sending this thing to the show along
with the king of the monsters 2 game in
the background I used this controller
while recording footage for that review
and I like this thing no longer do you
have to worry about tripping over a
bunch of wires and impaling yourself on
an Atari joystick
[Music]